hi Andy what's going on this is a loot
via Joan thank you very much to give me
the opportunity to opportunity to speak
and some cover in your magazine a new
forum sorry so I introduce myself my
name is Luo Tian 34 years old living in
montreal canada since two years origin
area for morocco and living and boring
in France so I live friends since two
years to come here in Canada to realize
my dream so about me I trained since 14
years now and July third eye I competed
the Quebec provincial which I warned the
first place in heavyweight and overall
and three weeks ago I compete at
canadian nationals i take first place in
super heavy in my first try so barring
some guys who were there for a while and
I was sure that i will take also the pro
card at this time unfortunately they
give the pro card and only one pro card
to the heavyweight winner so our sharabi
way i'll be winning this show and i was
disappointed but when i come back at the
airport I saw a lot of athletes who
pushed me who said me he told me come on
duty in three weeks you have the North
American you have all your chains come
on do it you can you can take your pro
card this is another chains so I just
think about it thinking thinking in the
plane I do it I don't do it I have to
return a go in the diet this is six
month I'm dining now I'm very tired but
you know what I'm a fighter I don't I
don't like to lose I want to win so
that's why you know I I I go again to
the diet train harder so what I've done
basically different from Canada the diet
was really really most hard was harder
sorry because my body wasn't responding
very well because a lot of preparation
the traveling the plane you know my body
was tired plus I was sick you saw
you of me in the original in a internet
on another forum and I was a little bit
sick you know so pass this I I go again
to the diet it was ok and the four last
days of my training which was my deplete
day which was really the hell on earth
for me it was like five workouts in a
day fire workout so this is to workout
bodybuilding plus three cardio session
so every 3-4 hours you can say I have to
Train like 50 minutes so just to make
sure and maintain my metabolism
extremely high a drink 12 liters of
water a day 0 gram of carbs a lot of
sodium lot of salt and the diet was
simply crazy you know I was normally I
ran with at least 50 grams of protein a
meal after that it was 45 and after that
it was 40 so it worked very well and on
the last day I was 22 22 20 years and
today you know what I'm 232 so I'm
fuller I'm bigger than in Canada just
such as conditioning I think my
condition is really better I will be
ripped and you know what guys watch out
I'm here for the first place in super
heavy and your role and the pro card is
mine thanks Andy
you